part two of the restoration of Lilith T
190 chassis number three formula 5000
well the tub sides have been cut to fit
and have been mark installed with gleeko
fasteners I installed a mock fiberglass
engine block and put all the goodies on
it to make sure she would fit you can
see now how my jig is working it mounts
up the engine to the backside so I was
able to get the correct distances on the
front so I can get the roll cage mounts
in correctly
I have also mounted everything in with
factory original purple rivets those
rivets had to be custom manufactured in
England and they were sourced out to me
by Bill Moore in Salinas California who
has been more than a great help on this
car after the tub sides were mock
installed and fitted I removed the inner
structures so I can install the correct
proper rivets rather than using an
aftermarket pop rivet to install the tub
sides once we get fuel bladders put in
well I guess that's the next step is to
install the new fuel bladders the fuel
bladders have been fitted and I have
installed outlets that are made out of
stainless steel the originals were made
out of plastic with a an fittings on the
end on the other side which have been
installed permanently I've also replaced
the crossover slosh tube with a
stainless steel replace it from the
plastic this loss tube has the original
check valves inside the bladder
the tub is now complete the filled
bladders have been installed and the
sides have been permanently installed
with the factory rivets
I also fabricated new radiator hoses and
oil line cooler lines that will be
running on both sides of the tub
the interior pieces have been installed
and she's ready to assemble only thing
left to do on the tub now is to put on
the top plate and that will be installed
after the anti-roll bars will be and
will be fitted here's the original
factory radiator bracket that was
mounted on the bottom of the left side
the only one that existed on the car I
know it was factory because it was
installed with the purple rivets and
here are the ones that I fabricated and
installed
well basically all that's left now to do
is to start putting this start putting
her together I'm going to install the
suspension make sure everything works
gema gema geometrically correct excuse
my English a mock install the engine
once again and transmission and then we
start working on the wing so this will
conclude the tub section of Lola chassis
number three
seeing a more detailed information on
history of this vehicle please visit us
at www.virtru.com